content/about.md, before:

+++
date = "2016-12-26T16:20:00+11:00"
title = "About"
+++

## About

runC is the canonical implementation of a container runtime that implements the [Open Container Initiative's][oci] runtime specification.
It was originally donated by Docker in the form of `libcontainer`, and is now maintained by various individuals from different companies and interests.
runC is currently the standard container runtime used by the Docker engine, and is slowly being integrated into other projects.

The OCI is an open governance structure for the express purpose of creating open industry standards around container formats and runtime.
Projects associated to the Open Container Initiative can be found at [https://github.com/opencontainers](https://github.com/opencontainers).
Contact the project maintainers on IRC at [#opencontainers](https://botbot.me/freenode/opencontainers/).
Contact the Linux Foundation about the OCI at [info@opencontainers.org](mailto:info@opencontainers.org).

[oci]: https://opencontainers.org/

Commit message:

about: Link to opencontainers.org for contact and community
We've been dragging the BotBot link around since 3bbc9bc0 (added all
files, 2015-06-21), but it currently 404s (and as far as I'm aware,
has never worked).  Instead, DRY this up by punting the OCI contact
information to the OCI site itself (which will hopefully keep stable
URLs for the linked content ;).

content/about.md, after:

+++
date = "2016-12-26T16:20:00+11:00"
title = "About"
+++

## About

runC is the canonical implementation of a container runtime that implements the [Open Container Initiative's][oci] runtime specification.
It was originally donated by Docker in the form of `libcontainer`, and is now maintained by various individuals from different companies and interests.
runC is currently the standard container runtime used by the Docker engine, and is slowly being integrated into other projects.

The OCI is an open governance structure for the express purpose of creating open industry standards around container formats and runtime.
Projects associated to the Open Container Initiative can be found at [https://github.com/opencontainers](https://github.com/opencontainers).
There are more details about connecting with the OCI community [here][oci-community] and [here][oci-contact].

[oci]: https://opencontainers.org/
[oci-community]: https://www.opencontainers.org/community
[oci-contact]: https://www.opencontainers.org/contact
